Add feature and filetype information to FAQ (#245)
freedomofpress/securedrop-workstation-docs: docs/general/status.rst

That said, the project is entirely open source, and you can install it
independently if you want to get a feel for how it all works. 

If you're a journalist or news organization trying to decide if this is right for you,
please note that SecureDrop Workstation should only be used
by organizations that meet the following criteria:

* You have an existing SecureDrop Server in place
* You have fewer than 500 Sources on the Server
* You typically only interact with .pdf, .doc, and .jpg files via your
  SecureDrop (as opposed to large datasets or complex file formats, which are not

>   yet supported--see below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  yet supported — see below)
```

Not sure if we've used an em dash elsewhere in the docs, but I think that's probably more ideal than two dashes here.

* You have a functional *Secure Viewing Station* to fall back on
* Your journalists and support staff are comfortable trying a new operating

>   system (QubesOS), and are aware that they may need to troubleshoot with us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  system (Qubes OS), and are aware that they may need to troubleshoot with us
```

I _think_ I've only ever seen Qubes stylized with a space before OS. Feel free to mark as resolved if I'm wrong.

Author: Arg I thought I caught all these. My bad. Will update

   Workstation that may hinder your ability to use it at any functional
   level.

SecureDrop Workstation Feature Comparison
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

SecureDrop Workstation provides a faster and more streamlined way of interacting
with sources and submissions, while preserving important security properties.
That said, it is still under development, and not all features available on the
Tails-based (existing) system are available in SecuredDrop Workstation. We are
working towards feature parity, but in the meantime, there are some notable differences.

> The following features have not yet been implemented:

Reviewer 2: This seems duplicative of the "Current known issues". Can we point there or somehow consolidate the two lists?

* Viewing download progress/download speed
* Cancelling downloads
* Network speed indicators
* Searching/filtering of sources by codename
* User-selection of application in which to view submissions (submissions

>   are viewed in one default application depending on their filetype)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are viewed in a pre-determined application depending on their filetype)
```
I feel that "one default application" is a bit confusing here. Perhaps using "pre-determined application" might be clearer?

* Printing of individual files submitted inside an archive
* Scalability/performance improvements (support for large numbers of sources)

In addition, there are some filetypes that are not yet supported for viewing
on SecureDrop Workstation, although they can be exported for use on the Tails-
based Secure Viewing Station.

> Currently-supported filetypes include:

Reviewer 2: I like having this list, maybe in the future it should be its own page.

* .txt, .csv, .pdf

> * Microsoft Word files (.doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Microsoft Office files (.doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx)
```

* OpenDocument files (.odt, .ods, .odp)
* Audio: .mp3, .mp4, .mpeg, .wav, .ogg (Ogg Vorbis)
* Video: .mp4, .webm, .mov (Quicktime), .avi (Audio Video Interleave - Microsoft),
  .wmv (Windows Media Video)

> * Image: .gif, .png, .jpeg, .tiff, .svg, .ico, .webm

Author: Oops - thanks

* Compressed archives (.zip, .tar.gz), although printer support for files inside
  an archive is still to be implemented

> A full list of supported filetypes can be found `here <https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-client/blob/4b7495cf8bd1dc11e2f52fb772fad55aaa01edab/workstation-config/mimeapps.list.sd-viewer>`_.

Reviewer 2: Any specific reason to use a commit hash link instead of `main` or a release tag?

Author: Oh, that's a mistake, thanks - wanted just https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-client/blob/main/workstation-config/mimeapps.list.sd-viewer
